OSDOCS 6914: Updating pod examples to comply with restricted PSA (Aut… (#62472)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/bound-sa-tokens-configuring.adoc

metadata:
  name: nginx
spec:
  securityContext:

>     runAsNonRoot: true

Reviewer: Can we add an explanation for the `securityContext` configurations as done for the `serviceAccountName` below? This will help clarify the purpose and importance setting. Below are a few suggestions for reference:

`runAsNonRoot: true <1>`: Prevents containers from running as root to minimize compromise risks.

`seccompProfile: type: RuntimeDefault <2>`: Sets default Seccomp profile, limiting to essential system calls, reducing risks.

---

These explanations `<1>` and `<2>` are aimed at providing a clear understanding of the security measures being implemented within the pod's configuration. WDYT

Author: Thanks, updated!

metadata:
  name: nginx
spec:
  securityContext:
    runAsNonRoot: true <1>
    seccompProfile:
      type: RuntimeDefault <2>
  containers:
  - image: nginx
    name: nginx
    volumeMounts:
    - mountPath: /var/run/secrets/tokens
      name: vault-token
    securityContext:
      allowPrivilegeEscalation: false
      capabilities:
        drop: [ALL]
  serviceAccountName: build-robot <3>
  volumes:
  - name: vault-token
    projected:
      sources:
      - serviceAccountToken:
          path: vault-token <4>
          expirationSeconds: 7200 <5>
          audience: vault <6>
----
<1> Prevents containers from running as root to minimize compromise risks.
<2> Sets the default seccomp profile, limiting to essential system calls, to reduce risks.
<3> A reference to an existing service account.
<4> The path relative to the mount point of the file to project the token into.

> <5> Optionally set the expiration of the service account token, in seconds. The default is 3600 seconds (1 hour) and must be at least 600 seconds (10 minutes). The kubelet will start trying to rotate the token if the token is older than 80 percent of its time to live or if the token is older than 24 hours.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<5> Optionally set the expiration of the service account token in seconds. The default value is 3600 seconds (1 hour), and this value must be at least 600 seconds (10 minutes). The kubelet starts trying to rotate the token if the token is older than 80 percent of its time to live or if the token is older than 24 hours.
```

suggestion

          path: vault-token <2>
          expirationSeconds: 7200 <3>
          audience: vault <4>

>     securityContext:

Author: Removed it here and moved it up under the nginx container
